doc: add component and ui element docs (#102)
Terasology/Health: docs/health.md

# Health

> Health determines the maximum amount of damage any entity to which the health concept applies can take before, for instance, being destroyed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Health determines the maximum amount of damage any entity can take, for instance, before being destroyed.
The health of an entity is measured in discrete steps, often called hit points (HP).
```

Author: done
